___

> [!question] 
> Every **valid email** consists of a **local name** and a **domain name**, separated by the `'@'` sign. Besides lowercase letters, the email may contain one or more `'.'` or `'+'`.
> - For example, in `"alice@leetcode.com"`, `"alice"` is the **local name**, and `"leetcode.com"` is the **domain name**.
> 
> If you add periods `'.'` between some characters in the **local name** part of an email address, mail sent there will be forwarded to the same address without dots in the local name. Note that this rule **does not apply** to **domain names**.
> - For example, `"alice.z@leetcode.com"` and `"alicez@leetcode.com"` forward to the same email address.
> 
> If you add a plus `'+'` in the **local name**, everything after the first plus sign **will be ignored**. This allows certain emails to be filtered. Note that this rule **does not apply** to **domain names**.
> - For example, `"m.y+name@email.com"` will be forwarded to `"my@email.com"`.
>  
> It is possible to use both of these rules at the same time.
> 
> Given an array of strings `emails` where we send one email to each `emails[i]`, return _the number of different addresses that actually receive mails_. 

> [!example] 
> **Input:** emails = ["test.email+alex@leetcode.com",
> "test.e.mail+bob.cathy@leetcode.com","testemail+david@lee.tcode.com"]
**Output:** 2
**Explanation:** "testemail@leetcode.com" and "testemail@lee.tcode.com" actually receive mails. 

> [!example] 
> **Input:** emails = ["a@leetcode.com","b@leetcode.com","c@leetcode.com"]
**Output:** 3 

> [!info] 
> - `1 <= emails.length <= 100`
> - `1 <= emails[i].length <= 100`
> - `emails[i]` consist of lowercase English letters, `'+'`, `'.'` and `'@'`.
> - Each `emails[i]` contains exactly one `'@'` character.
> - All local and domain names are non-empty.
> - Local names do not start with a `'+'` character.
> - Domain names end with the `".com"` suffix.
> - Domain names must contain at least one character before `".com"` suffix. 

___

> [!tip] 
> - `std::find_if`
> - `std::erase_if`
> - `std::set` - as `unique container` 

___

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int numUniqueEmails(vector<string>& emails) {
        std::set<std::pair<std::string, std::string>> splitted;
        for (auto& email : emails) 
        {
            auto dog = std::find_if(email.begin(), email.end(),
                         [](auto c) { return c == '@'; });
            
            std::string local{email.begin(), dog};
            std::erase_if(local, [](auto c){ return c == '.'; });
            auto plus = std::find_if(local.begin(), local.end(), [](auto c){ return c == '+'; });
            
            std::string local_formatted{local.begin(), plus};
            std::string domain{dog + 1, email.end()};
            splitted.emplace(std::move(local_formatted), std::move(domain));
        }

        return splitted.size();
    }
};
```

___

#array #hash_table #string